
# Learning about: Responsiveness, Accessability, Service Workers, and cache-ing

This project was provided by Udacity for the Front End Nano-Degree program in order to learn how to start making professional front end applications.


# Instructions
1. If you want to check mine out and debug.. you can clone the repo from https://github.com/udacity/restaurant-Review-stage1

2. Otherwise you should follow along with the instructions below.

Get the Starter Code
To begin, go ahead and clone the starter code from this repository https://github.com/udacity/mws-restaurant-stage-1. The code provided will serve as your baseline to begin development.

Development Strategy
Get a MapBox API key

If you do not already have a MapBox account, go ahead and create one
MapBox API is free to use (no need to provide any payment information)
If you would like to use Google Maps, there is a google-maps branch of the starter code. You'll need your own Google Maps API key
Get the map on the screen

Head over to your account and create a token. Replace the text <your MAPBOX API KEY HERE> inside of main.js with your key
Using Google Maps instead? Replace the text YOUR_GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY in index.html and restaurant.html with your own key
Now, what about rendering the map for individual restaurants? Check out restaurant_info.js. Where would be a good spot to place your API key?
Convert the provided site to use a responsive design. All responsiveness should be done with CSS (Bootstrap and other CSS frameworks should not be used)

Use appropriate document type declaration and viewport tags. Where would you add these tags in the index.html and restaurant.html files?
How does everything look after adding the appropriate tags? Are there any existing style values in styles.css that we can immediately fix to make things more dynamic? Hint: how does using a % value differ from using a strict px value?
Create a responsive grid-based layout using CSS. Items such as the restaurants-list would be a great place to start. What attributes can you add to make sure these items fit a mobile screen (i.e., a smaller viewport)?
Use media queries that provide fluid breakpoints across different screen sizes
Use responsive images that adjust for the dimensions and resolution of any mobile device. For a more in-depth look at responsive images, check out our Responsive Images course
Implement accessibility features in the site HTML
How can you use attributes like tabindex to indicate if (or where) an element sits in keyboard navigation order (e.g., by pressing the Tab key on the keyboard)? What will be your first element? Your next?
Note that most of this HTML is generated by JavaScript functions (e.g., restaurant item HTML). How can we use JavaScript directly to create a tab index for each element desired?
What about semantics? Which attributes can we add (and to which page elements) to reflect an element's role?
Be sure to make both your main page and restaurant detail page accessible for users
Add a ServiceWorker script to cache requests to all of the site’s assets (so that any page that has been visited by a user will be accessible when the user is offline)
Only caching needs to be implemented, no other ServiceWorker features
Which file(s) would you need to register a service worker? Be sure to have a file ready to handle the service worker
After the service worker is properly registered, which event(s) are you listening for? What is/are the response(s)?

# Project Overview

# Mobile Web Specialist Certification Course
---
#### _Three Stage Course Material Project - Restaurant Reviews_

## Project Overview: Stage 1

For the **Restaurant Reviews** projects, you will incrementally convert a static webpage to a mobile-ready web application. In **Stage One**, you will take a static design that lacks accessibility and convert the design to be responsive on different sized displays and accessible for screen reader use. You will also add a service worker to begin the process of creating a seamless offline experience for your users.

### Specification

You have been provided the code for a restaurant reviews website. The code has a lot of issues. It’s barely usable on a desktop browser, much less a mobile device. It also doesn’t include any standard accessibility features, and it doesn’t work offline at all. Your job is to update the code to resolve these issues while still maintaining the included functionality. 

### What do I do from here?

1. In this folder, start up a simple HTTP server to serve up the site files on your local computer. Python has some simple tools to do this, and you don't even need to know Python. For most people, it's already installed on your computer. 

In a terminal, check the version of Python you have: `python -V`. If you have Python 2.x, spin up the server with `python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8000` (or some other port, if port 8000 is already in use.) For Python 3.x, you can use `python3 -m http.server 8000`. If you don't have Python installed, navigate to Python's [website](https://www.python.org/) to download and install the software.

2. With your server running, visit the site: `http://localhost:8000`, and look around for a bit to see what the current experience looks like.
3. Explore the provided code, and start making a plan to implement the required features in three areas: responsive design, accessibility and offline use.
4. Write code to implement the updates to get this site on its way to being a mobile-ready website.

## Leaflet.js and Mapbox:

This repository uses [leafletjs](https://leafletjs.com/) with [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/). You need to replace `<your MAPBOX API KEY HERE>` with a token from [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/). Mapbox is free to use, and does not require any payment information. 

### Note about ES6

Most of the code in this project has been written to the ES6 JavaScript specification for compatibility with modern web browsers and future proofing JavaScript code. As much as possible, try to maintain use of ES6 in any additional JavaScript you write. 



